DOCSP-16785 the the typo (#3297)
mongodb/docs-realm: temp/node/users/authenticate-users.txt

Authenticate Users - Node.js SDK
================================

.. meta:: 

>   :description: Authenticate users into an app using API in node.js

Reviewer: - `Node.js` should always be capitalized 
- This page is specific to the SDK, so we'd refer it as an SDK, not an API (e.g. an _SDK_ method)
```suggestion
  :description: Authenticate users in an Atlas App Services App using Atlas Device SDK for Node.js.
```

>   :description: Authenticate users in an Atlas App Services App using Atlas Device SDK for Node.js.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :description: Authenticate users in an Atlas App Services App using the Atlas Device SDK for Node.js.
```
